---
layout: page  
title: "About Me"  
permalink: /about  
---
My name is Binaryxx Sune, and I am looking for positions that will allow me to apply my skills and interests in a professional setting.  
  
I graduated in the spring of 2022 with a double major in business analytics & information technology (BAIT) and finance.   
While at Rutgers, I exposed myself to various opportunities and experiences. For my first year, I was part of the Army ROTC program. I stayed with the program as a test of resilience for the academic year, exposing myself to early morning physical training, weekly "labs", and the annual three-day field training exercise at Camp Buckner near West Point. My performance in the program garnered the attention of the military science professors, resulting in an offer for a three-year army scholarship.   
For the remaining 3 years, I became a resident assistant and involved myself in a philanthropic arts and crafts student organization called Rutgers Craft to Cure. The resident assistant role provided an opportunity for me to develop my interpersonal skills such as conflict mediation and mentoring. As I got more involved in Craft to Cure, I transitioned from being a general member to a treasurer and finally the president. My experience at this student organization has allowed me to engage in different leadership opportunities such as ensuring that the actions taken by the organization align with its values while also allowing for growth and success.
  
Regarding my professional experience, I interned at Ernst & Young (EY) as a Business Consultant in the Technology Risk Area in the summer of 2021. My performance led to a full-time offer for the following year in the same role. Despite the title, the role was heavily involved with the external auditing process for external clients, ensuring that the controls in place were sufficient to prevent any intentional or unintentional changes in the IT environment that would significantly impact the disclosure of financial statements. After completing a major milestone with the team, I submitted my two weeks' notice in search of a position that better aligns with my skills and interests, leaving the company after five months of employment.

While I search for roles that fit my skills and interests, I have been working on ensuring that I remain technically competent in the skills I have learned during my time at Rutgers University. This reskilling is done through a combination of personal projects, online courses, and online coding challenges. The projects I initiated sought to provide insight into prevailing trends or offer an alternative resource to benchmark performance. Whenever I completed a project, I created presentation slides to give an extensive overview of the project, providing an alternative for those with less technical backgrounds. I focus on these skills since I believe they also allow me to develop transferrable skills, such as the ability to work in an independent and unguided environment and the ability to leverage available resources.
  
  
My hobbies include video games, as well as anything relating to its development. Whether that is music production, 3d modeling, art, coding, or game design. In my slow but steady progress towards developing my own video game, I have dabbled in all of the previously made aspects (Those projects can be found on the "Personal Projects" page).
In addition to that, I also very much enjoy researching topics, whether it is on something that I am currently working on to find ways to be more efficient or a random topic that has piqued my interest. Usually, this means reading medical journals on optimal training regimens or studying on prevailing trends and strategies in video games through stat trackers.
